Why don't you take me as your teacher?
kid
To worship a teacher, you must find someone more powerful than yourself to worship a teacher
So that you can learn more knowledge
Come and I will worship you as my teacher
What can you teach me?
Grandpa, have you been losing weight recently?
Can't lie flat at night
This is singing before the Lost Festival, please pay more attention.
Oh, my God.
It will be so scary tonight next time.
A child of several years old will diagnose love
Liu Lao, please tell me
master
An old friend of mine has a strange disease
On JD.com.
He's too sick to move on his own.
I've tried many things, but I can't help it.
I want to ask you to treat the disease?
Of course, you can pay as you like
When do you have time?
go over
Kyoto
I'm going I'm going I miss my brother
Brother, yes, several brothers.
Fine. I'll be there tomorrow.
Oh, thank you, master
I'm going to take my leave.
I give it away
Mom?
aunt
You put it away